(soft classical music plays)
(grunting)
Yeah, you're right.
Maybe I didn't understand
what Mr. Kankuro's resolve
meant, and Shinki's either.
But still, I can't accept
parting with a friend like that,
in that way, is simply
saying it couldn't be helped!
Even if that's what Mr.
Kankuro wanted. I'm not Shinki!
I can't just accept it!
For a friend or for a mission,
it's a difficult decision
that Shinobi have to
make all the time.
Boruto, tell me, what do you
think your duty is right now?
To protect Shukaku with
everything I've got.
For Mr. Kankuro's sake.
(Dramatic music plays)
Shinki, you think
we have a chance?
I doubt that they're weak
enough to allow us to get away.
Besides, I have to
avenge my uncle!
Master Shukaku, please
pull back for now.
All right, then, go ahead
and show me what you got!
(clicking sound)
Hmm.
(Dramatic music plays)
(blasting sounds)
(sword slicing)
(Dramatic music)
[Master Shukaku] What?!
We're running away?
I thought you were gonna fight!
A poison needle, eh?
Is your arm paralyzed?
I'm sure it'll wear off in time.
If only Boruto were here!
Then the two of you might have
been able to do
something about that
tattered puppet together.
What exactly are
you trying to say?
Ha ha ha! If you'd been able
to take it down, it wouldn't
be such a sore subject! If
Kankuro's dead, you would've
gotten your revenge!
My only goal now is to get you
to the Hidden Leaf Village.
I simply concluded that
it's unnecessary to fight
a pointless battle.
(slow footsteps)
(grunting)
(menacing music plays)
(running footsteps)
Ahhh!
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(sand scratches)
(dramatic music plays)
Boruto.
(Attack Yell)
(metal clanging)
Come on, let's go!
(dramatic music plays)
[Temari] Be careful.
After all, this one was
strong enough to fend
off Kankuro's attacks.
[Boruto] You okay?
[Shinki] I'm fine. My
arm's just a bit numb.
It'll be fine in a little while.
(sighs) I owe you an apology.
And what does that mean?
All I cared about
was how I felt.
I didn't take your feelings
into account at all.
It was only after Temari talked
to me that I realized it.
That's right. If he wins,
great. And if he doesn't,
then he's just going to
take them down with him.
In this situation, any sand
Shinobi would do the same thing.
What did you say?!
(capes whirring)
(puppets clicking)
(explosion)
Mr. Kankuro's just as important
to you, probably more.
I'm sure the situation's
really hard for you.
And selfishly, I
wasn't seeing that.
(sighs)
What I feel doesn't
really matter.
As long as you don't forget
what a Shinobi's duty is.
[Boruto] Sure, the mission's
the top priority for Shinobi.
Even so, I say my friends
are just as important.
What's that?
And in the end, even
if it's for a mission,
I can't just let my
friends be sacrificed.
Come on, why can't
you think rationally
about things for once?
Does being rational
make everything okay?
Even if the mission
might be successful,
I will not lose any
friends on the way!
You don't understand
anything at all
I won't do things just
'cause they're rational.
If I think like that,
I'll end up regretting it.
Up 'til now, not one time
have I ever regretted
thinking rationally.
And I never will!
Your naiveté puts your
friends in danger!
Without the correct way
of thinking, you'll fail,
in missions and elsewhere!
No, they're both correct
ways of thinking.
That's why I'll find
a way to do both!
Ha ha ha ha! This is so
much fun; you sure are
Naruto's kid! Well,
all right then, go on.
Do it the way you want.
Of course. That's
what I plan on doing.
I'm gonna help Shikadai and
Temari. You can stay here
and rest up.
(Footsteps moving away)
He's so naive. He
understands nothing. Ugh!
Master Shukaku!
(sighs)
No way! He didn't go
with Boruto, did he?
(rock music plays)
An autonomous puppet, huh?
Just one annoying thing
after another!
Don't let your guard down,
simply because it's a puppet!
(Metal clashing)
(grunting)
(mist spraying)
What?
It's poison; don't breathe!
(wind roaring)
[Boruto] Need some help?
Ah, dammit, had
to come back, huh?
Seriously, you're
hopeless, aren't you?
Sorry, but this is the
way I wanna do things.
Now come on, let's
deal with this bastard,
so we can head back to the
Leaf Village with Shinki.
(creaking sounds)
(whooshing sound)
All right. Get ready. Because
bringing that thing down
isn't gonna be easy at all.
(rock music plays)
Go, go!
Master Shukaku!
Oh, hi Shinki.
How can you just stand
there, calmly watching them?
Please, think of the
situation that you're in.
Oh, just shut up! I mean,
nothing's ever really gonna
get resolved if
we don't deal with
the pursuers first, right?
(sighs)
(Footsteps racing)
(grunting)
(screams)
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
(swords clashing)
Their moves are rife with
inefficiencies. They should
coordinate their
attacks with my aunt.
It's not rational to charge
in with your emotions
running so high.
[Master Shukaku] It
doesn't seem that way.
(grunting)
Hey Auntie!
(explosion sound)
I'm on it!
Wind Scythe Jutsu!
[Master Shukaku] Looks
like it's gonna work out
quite nicely! I said he's like
Naruto! But Boruto's actually
even smarter and more
skilled. I guess he's not that
reckless after all!
(creaking sounds)
But, then again, I'm not
really an expert on logic,
emotions, how humans think,
and all that kinda stuff.
Huh? Hey! Come on!
This is just about when
things are gonna start getting
really good!
There's no time, let's go.
Seriously, aren't
you gonna watch?
[Shinki] I'm sure they'll
catch up to us in time.
But right now, I have
to fulfill my duty.
Oh come on, you're
fulfilling it just fine.
We have to hurry.
(Footsteps racing)
(Japanese rock music playing)
Come on, let's do this!
(gasps)
Boruto, Shikadai, look out!
(explosion blasts)
Is that thing really a puppet?
[Shikadai] Where'd it go?
[Boruto] Did it just run away?
I doubt it!
Hmm?
(metal clanging)
[Shikadai] No way, it
burrowed underground!
[Boruto] Dammit, so we
can't know where it's gonna
come from next!
(puppet clicking)
(grunting)
Dammit, it went
underground again!
If it's down there, mom's
wind style can't reach it!
[Temari] Oh yeah? And
who told you that?
But how?
Just you watch me! If it
slithered underground,
we just have to drag
it back out again.
(fan opening)
Wind Style: Sea Dragon!
(wind whipping)
Amazing!
Now Wind Style:
Cyclone Scythe Jutsu!
(wind whipping)
(electronic shooting sound)
Shikadai!
Mom, no!
Aunt Temari!
(bomb blasts)
I sure messed that one up, huh?
(Temari groaning)
[Shikadai] Mom, are you-
[Temari] Oh, come on now,
don't you give me that look!
Those claws had some kind
of paralyzing agent on them.
I don't think I'll be able to
move for a bit at this rate.
But that means...
You two go on! Just leave
me here. At least I can
buy you some time.
You really expect me to do that?
You can't lose sight of
your goal, you know that!
[Boruto] I haven't
lost sight of anything!
I'm not gonna desert my
friends! And still, I'll deliver
Shukaku to the Leaf safely!
Boruto, think about
the situation. (groans)
Yeah, I have been. And I
can't just leave you like this
and keep on going. There's
no way. Right, Shikadai?
Yeah, you're sure
right about that.
What? What are you two...
So, what are we gonna do?
Wait, you're saying that
you don't already have
a plan in mind?
Well, I figured I'd just
kinda leave that up to you,
Shikadai. I'm counting on
you, Mister Strategist!
Dammit, you're just all
talk, you know that?
All right, since it's sink or
swim, let's just go for it!
Yeah! Now that's more like it!
Shikadai...
Just leave this one to us, Mom.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(exploding sounds)
Now come at me, ya dumb puppet!
(Clicking sounds)
(Rock music plays)
It took the bait!
[Boruto] Shikadai!
There's no way that I can
equal Mom's Jutsu, but,
Wind Style: Sea Dragon!
(Wind roaring)
If we can get it
inside the vortex,
then we can drag it out.
Got it!
Now take this!
(creaking sounds)
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu
complete! Go Boruto!
(grunting)
Rasengan!
(Explosion blasts)
(Rock music finishes)
Nice one! You never
told me you could use
a Wind Style like that!
Well, I gotta keep some
tricks up my sleeve.
(clapping sound)
[Temari] Tricks up your sleeve?
Hey, Mom.
Using a technique that
you're not entirely ready for
was quite a big
gamble. How unlike you.
(laugh) Yeah, and
thanks to that,
I'm practically out of chakra.
Well, still, you did
a really good job.
(both laughing)
Boruto, we're going to need
to rest here for a while,
so you go after Shinki.
But we need to treat your wound.
Don't worry, I'm gonna be
just fine. But right now,
you're forgetting about the
mission that you were given.
We'll catch our breath a
bit, look for Uncle Kankuro,
and then catch up.
[Boruto] Okay.
[Shikadai] Be careful.
(Footsteps retreating)
Ugh. I don't think I
can take another step!
You didn't have to show off
in front of Boruto like that,
you know. When we return to
the Leaf, you're gonna get
some intense training
in Wind Style.
(gasp)
Mom!
You two are the only ones
here, isn't that right?
And that would mean that
Boruto and the others have
gone on ahead.
Hey, you're that...
I've been watching
your oh-so-touching
mother-and-son partnership
through my puppets.
And now, I'll be helping
myself to both of your chakra!
(gun shooting)
It really is too bad that
Toneri's puppets were
completely demolished.
They turned out to be
pretty useless! It'll be quite
a problem if the One-Tail
is able to reach
the Leaf Village.
(swooshing sound)
And besides, I'd really
like to enjoy a little more
playtime, while I still can!
[Master Shukaku] Hey, Shinki!
[Shinki] Yes, what is it?
Wanna bet on whether
Boruto and the others
beat that puppet?
Are you even listening to
me? You're no fun at all,
you know that?
[Boruto] Shinki!
(panting) Oh man, I
finally caught up with you!
Did ya beat the puppet?
Yeah, somehow.
And what about the others?
They'll be coming in just
a little while, after they
search for Kankuro.
Ah! Looks like this time,
Boruto wins, doesn't it?
It's not about
winning or losing.
Let's get going. We've
lost too much time already.
We have to get to the Leaf
Village as quickly as possible.
Hey! Wait up!
(footsteps hurrying)
(whistling music)
Hmm. Well, well, found you.
How exciting! I'll torment you
to my heart's fullest content!
(Closing Theme Music)
(Shinki) There's no
time to waste.
Urashiki's going to
catch up to us!
(Boruto) Calm down! It's not
like you to be so impatient!
(Shinki) This isn't the time
to say stuff like that!
It's over if we
get caught!
We must consider every move
carefully now.
(Boruto) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Decision Time"
Shinki, I have an idea!
There's a way!
(Closing Theme Music)